now let's talk about yet another very
very common expression I would call it
an Indian expression which actually may
have severe repercussions for example we
usually say I passed out
in the year so and soon passed out
actually means unconscious it means
getting unconscious after getting drunk
so passed out may be substituted with
graduated because we usually graduate
from one level to the other so whenever
you use you want to talk about passing a
certain class or a certain level you can
usually you can say all right in your
series graduated in the here and B
usually you know talk about the latest
degree that we've got so we don't say I
pass down we take a statistic and I th
meet so we just say I graduated with a
double masters or I graduated with my
master's in computer science or whatever
the subject is so next time don't use
passed out
out of session is another is another
expression which has become so so
popular that we do not even think
whether it means anything or not yes
people who are there in our amazed one
who are they from the same culture they
understand the meaning of out of station
but if you are to interact with somebody
who doesn't who is not aware of the
cultural implications of language or who
is not aware of Indian English will not
understand out of the station so it's
easier to say he is not here at the
moment or he is not is out of town I
think it's a very good substitute for
out of station another expression which
is very very common and usually it's the
faculty members who tell you or even the
call center people when you call them up
for any Quinn the first thing this is do
one thing
do one thing switch off the phone or
switch off your laptop switch it on
again we booked it again and things like
that so do one thing actually
at all you can do away with the space
altogether
we can substitute it with you may switch
off or switch on you make not do one
thing this is something which is
extremely common however it's not a very
good practice another love very very
interesting known but is using the
present continuous for a continuous X
activity which we are doing which we do
for example we take a lot of things we
are taking a box
we are taking food we are taking tea
coffee food we are taking textures now
we will usually don't say take of taking
rest we usually don't use taking in
touch of these things we just use the
ones itself for example tightly rest not
kindly take rest because rest itself is
a word
there's nothing to take interest of
course you take an exam on given exam
for that you can use take have been I'm
having a class I'm having a headache I
am having stomachache there's so much so
many times your headache right from the
first minute to the last minute will
actually remain the same so you check
will you say I have a headache and I
have a class so I think if we can to a
large extent do I live with these
expressions and substitute them with
simpler ones it would be communication
more effective and I think clarity which
is what in the seas of communication
would term actually limit we will be
more clear in our speech and people will
understand us in a much better way
without being judgmental about how they
are or our personalities